I'm the creative director of Pretty
Little Thing. Like, I'm not just an
influencer anymore. This is just the
start for me. I'm only 22. Like, I've
got so much more to learn. We literally
only are given one life. We have to just
go to the extremes. I've worked my
absolute ass off to get where I am now.
A lot of people don't believe that, but
I work. I spend time with my boyfriend
and I go to bed. That is literally my
life. I can't have anybody knowing where
I live. I actually have clothes
protection security now. And really,
there's no price on feeling safe. That
was like a really, really low moment for
me. When we got back, it just felt cold
and eerie and it just didn't feel like
home anymore. He could literally go away
for weeks on end. And there's not a
doubt in my mind that if he was to be
around a load of girls, I could sleep
peacefully at night knowing that he's
just he's for me and I'm for him. And
that is literally the key. You got to
trust you've got everything. There's so
much more to it than people see. They
have no [music] idea what really goes
on. I mean, I would never say like I've
had like a mental breakdown, but that
was close to it because I just went
crazy.
[music]
Molly May. She is, in my opinion, and
according to a lot of the data, the UK's
number one Instagram influencer creator
right now. She started out many years
ago on a show called Love Island. But
many people have been on Love Island and
nobody ever has had the meteoric rise in
their brand, their career, their profile
like Molly has. So, as much as it's easy
to say, well, okay, you know, she had a
boost from Love Island, that does not
explain what's happened in her life
subsequently. So, I wanted to sit down
with her today and find out exactly
what's driving her. What's caused this
meteoric success? Almost 10 million
followers in no time at all. 25,000 new
followers a day. Just imagine for a
second being thrust to the number one
spot in terms of influence and having
tens of millions of followers online,
becoming a multi-millionaire overnight
and being 22
years old. Imagine. Imagine the mistakes
you would make. It's absolutely
fascinating. And the way she deals with
it, I think you'll find incredibly
inspiring. And what comes with that
success? Recently, her house was burgled
and she reportedly lost £800,000
worth of her possessions and had to move
immediately to a new home. She now has
to have 24/7
close protection security. And I'll be
honest with you, this is something Molly
and her manager and team shared with me
before we started recording. Molly
doesn't do interviews like this. So,
this really is in many respects her
first real in-depth interview of this
kind, and I can't wait for you to hear
it. So without further ado, I'm Steven
Bartlett and this is the diary of a CEO.
I hope nobody's listening, but if you
are, then please keep this to yourself.
[music]
[music] Hitchin,
that's where you're you grew up, right?
Take me back to Hitchin. What was life
like when you were growing up there?
Hitchin, I I actually still am extremely
fond of Hitchin and it was a really it's
a really really special place for I
spent 18 years there growing up in a
very normal house with a very normal
family doing very normal things in a
very normal school, not a private school
or anything. It was just an extremely
normal um yeah area to live in. I loved
it. And um I got my first job there. I I
had a lot of firsts there and um I think
it will always hold a special place in
my heart. I was a lifeguard there at a
swimming pool for four years. Um I had a
job in a hairdressers. I worked in a
gym. It was all going on in Hitchin.
That's where it all all began.
Obviously, it's the Yeah.
family dynamics, brothers, sisters, mom,
dad. Tell me about your your family,
what they do, who they are, what their
character.
So, I have one sister. She's actually in
the army. She's three years older than
me. People are always shocked when I say
I have a sister that's in the army cuz
obviously it's so so different to what I
do. Um, but I'm actually really proud of
that. I think it's it's um I never
really say that, but I'm super proud
that she she is who she is and we've
grown up to be such such different
people. But both parents were in the
police, so that was interesting growing
up. Something else that I'm really proud
of actually having two parents that are
police officers because I don't know, I
quite liked it at school, like sort of
being known as a police officer's kid.
Like I I kind of liked it. No one really
messed with me. [laughter]
It was quite Yeah. Like even at parties,
like I think even a couple of times my
dad actually I remember one time my dad
actually showed up to shut a party down
that I was at. Um Yeah.
Oh wow.
Yeah. It was um that kind of thing
having um parents as police officers but
I didn't mind it.
And at that age when you're in Hitchin,
what is it that you you want to be when
you grow up?
Oh god. I mean I I always wanted to be
doing something different. I mean I went
to fashion school um for two years
because I really wanted to pursue a
career in fashion. Um all my friends
sort of stayed on and and went to sit
form and college but I again I wanted to
do something different. I wanted to do
something outside the box. So, I had an
interview at the Fashion Retail Academy
in London and I got got a spot there and
I ended up going there for 2 years and
studying there. I was commuting to
London every day at like 17. Um, so
yeah, it was outside my comfort zone,
but I'm I'm really glad I did that cuz
it was just different. I love doing
things that were different.
And did you did you have a Cuz when I
was younger, I wanted to be a dentist
and [clears throat] a doctor and then a
surgeon at one point and then, you know,
I bounced around and then I was like, I
want to manage a business. Yeah.
What were you saying to yourself in
terms of what you would be when you were
older? What you did you have? Was it
fashion?
I think when I was younger, it was
mainly performing arts. I've definitely
got that performing arts streak in me. I
think a lot of people that sort of fall
into being in the public eye do have a
bit of like that performing arts streak
in them because they have that
confidence. But I couldn't quite make it
in that. I tried auditions, I tried, you
know, castings, all this, but I didn't
quite have that. I wasn't quite there.
And I sort of accepted that very quickly
and realized to do well in performing
arts, you have to be the best. It's like
the most cutthroat industry. People say
fashion's cutthroat. No, performing arts
is like it's not an industry you mess
around in. So, I accepted quite quickly
that that wasn't going to work for me.
So, fashion was was where I focused on.
And I really did think that I was going
to end up being like a fashion buyer,
but like a large business or that's
that's kind of what I wanted to do.
Your your mom and dad lived very um as
police officers very uh solid
Yeah. [laughter]
lives and careers, right?
Yeah. Um, did you at that young age did
you because I'm trying to understand
from like a very young young age and I
always ask this about myself like how
much of it was this kind of in innate
desire to have more and be different and
not live the standard life. Yeah.
Um or how much of it is just you know
following following the heart and see
seeing where it goes.
I think for me watching my parents have
a very ordinary life it sort of
petrified me a bit. It was like a bit
terrifying this thought of I don't want
to grow up in this house and and when I
I'm old in my rocking chair I tell my
grandkids, you know, like I had this
really ordinary life and I had an
ordinary job. I had an ordinary income
like that. It petrified me from I think
around I reckon I started feeling that
way from about 15. I realized like the
world is literally our oyster and we can
do whatever we want with the 24 hours in
the day that we're given. So why the
hell am I not going to go out and like
make the most of them and do crazy
things and make the as I said make the
most of it. So yeah, I think my parents
having this very ordinary job, like I
mean police office, it's not necessarily
that ordinary, but for me it was like it
just terrified me. I was like, I don't
want to have this life in Hitchin
forever. It's I know that there's so
much more to achieve. And I moved to
Manchester um when I was 18 and started
my life there. I just moved out. I
literally said to my mom one day, I
walked down into the living room. I'll
never forget it. And I said, "I found
this flat on right move and I'm moving
to Manchester." And she was like, "No,
you're not." I was like, "No, no, I'm
going." She was like, "You don't have
enough money." And I was like, I'll find
it. Like, I'll make this work. And I
literally went within a week and I was
gone. I packed all my stuff up and I
just left. And I moved to Manchester.
And I remember the first night in my
apartment in Manchester in Anchos. I was
like, what have I done? I was like, this
was the worst move. I felt so homesick.
It was horrendous. But then I settled in
and it was the best thing I ever did.
Looking back on it now, it was
Were you moving for a job or you were
moving just because of history?
I sort of um at that point I sort of
missed out a part. had sort of started
to grow a following on Instagram and it
was growing quite rapidly um and I'd
found um a management in Manchester so I
just thought I'm just going to go up
there and just see what happens like
what's the worst that can happen and all
sort of the fast fashion companies and
everything was in Manchester at that
point. It became like the new place to
be. Um so I just thought let's go let's
do it and yeah went by myself. No one
believed I was going to do it and I just
did and yeah I definitely couldn't
afford my rent. My mom was right. I
think if um I'd stayed there any longer,
I probably would have had to move back
home at some point because I really
couldn't afford my rent. I think it was
like 900 pound a month and I was barely
making a£1,000 a month. So after my
rent, I had about [laughter] £100 to
live on and a Starbucks at that point is
what £5. So it um but yeah, no, it was
the best thing I ever did cuz obviously
still in Manchester now and I don't plan
on leaving. I love it. Do you um do you
consider yourself to be just thinking
about that taking that step because you
can often see in people's journeys
there's that like one step into
uncertainty where people think well
don't know why she did that or I
wouldn't have done that myself but your
career seems to be riddled with these
kind of steps into uncertainty. Would
you consider yourself to be at that age
especially a confident person?
Yeah, [clears throat] I've always been
extremely confident. I've never ever
struggled with um my confidence. Like
even meeting new people, trying new
things, like I've never I've never I've
never felt unconfident in any situation,
which I'm really blessed to have that.
Like even, you know, when I went on Love
Island, like going to my auditions,
super confident, always super confident
in everything I do, everything I I stand
by. Like I just have that confidence.
And yeah, I'm I'm lucky to have that
because I think it's something that just
comes. You don't you can't really
build on it. Like it's either there or
it's not. Um so yeah very confident
person.
Do you think you're as you kind of like
so if we zoom forward a little bit we'll
zoom back but as you zoom forward on
this point of confidence um one of the
things I learned in my life is as I
managed to do more things and achieve
more things. I actually realized that
the previous version of myself um knew
so little about the nature of the world
and I just want to like scream back at
myself. Oh my god Steve even though you
were ambitious then confident then you
were wrong like you can do even more.
So, as you as you look back on that that
you know that young girl in Hitchin um
and other people who will be in that
situation, I'm I'm the same. I'm from a
small town where there's not a lot of
you know
Yeah.
global dreaming going on. Um what what
have you learned about the nature of
like confidence and and how it builds
and how your how capable and how you
know powerful your potential really is
as you've bum climbed up the ladder. I
think it is just believing in in that
Beyonce has the same 24 hours in a day
that that we do. And I just think like
it's lit you're given one life and it's
down to you what you do with it. Like
you can literally go in any direction.
And when I've spoken about that before
in the past, I have been slammed a
little bit with people saying, you know,
like it's easy for you to say that, you
know, you've grown up and you've not
grown up in poverty. You've not grown
up, you know, with major money
struggles. So for you to sit there and
say that we all have the same 24 hours
in a day is not correct. And I'm like,
but technically what I'm saying is
correct. We we do. So, I understand that
obviously we all have different
backgrounds and we're all raised in
different ways and we do have different
financial situations, but I think if you
want something enough, you can achieve
it and it just depends to what lengths
you want to go to get where you want to
be in the future and I'll go to any
length. Like I I've worked my absolute
ass off to get where I am now. A lot of
people don't think that and believe
that, but it's true. I've worked so so
hard
on that point of time and Beyonce and
that kind of that that kind of mindset
of being very very um efficient with how
you spend your time. You must get a
million requests to do everything like I
get a lot of requests. You must be
getting pulled, pushed, do this, do
that. How do you make the decision as to
what is truly in line with who you are
and where you want to go when you know
like I don't think people understand
thousands you probably getting thousands
of requests DMs opportunities some of
them which you I'm sure you love to do
as you say 24 hours in a day. Yeah.
So how are you filtering that?
I think what you've just said is
actually the key to why I've become
successful in what I do is because it is
so strict with what I do take on and
what I don't take on. my days are
planned out to like the nth degree. Like
it is so particular what work I'm doing
and everything is done with such thought
and like such um understanding behind
it. Like I'm never taking on work that I
don't understand or posting things on my
socials that I'm not 100% behind or
using. Like I think that is the key to
being successful in in this industry and
influencing if you want to call it. Like
it's it's knowing what you're doing and
knowing what you're talking about is is
gospel. like you you use those products,
you you stand behind what you're saying.
Like I think that is why I've I have
done well in what I in what I do because
I am so believing in what I say and my
my followers know that like they they
know that I'm not talking about
something on my YouTube unless I use it
unless I I believe in it and that is the
key to being successful in this. You
have to have the trust of your audience.
So what work we take on is is honestly
1% of what comes in. Less probably
Frank gets I'm not even joking 800
emails a day for work coming in. It's it
never stops. She's on her emails from
500 from 5:00 a.m. um going through work
that comes in and it's you have to turn
down so much to to to earn that respect
from your audience and earn that trust.
And between you and your manager Fran,
do you then have to kind of initially
agree where where you want to go with
your career, what your values are, what
aligns with you,
and that kind of becomes the filter of
these 800 messages a day. Is that the
And
we we set goals. We we have like Fran
and I have like this sort of regular
meeting every like six months or so and
we we sit down and we we make a list of
what I want to achieve and it used to be
well at the start we were like going to
do it every year but I'm I am achieving
them rapidly now. So we're doing it like
every few months and creating new goals
and setting new new targets of like okay
I want to work with this brand. So if
they've not reached to me Fran will
reach out and lo and behold it normally
happens. We're we we're a really really
great team and I think having a manager
that understands what your direction and
what you want to do is utterly key cuz
you know it's it's just so important
like you can't do it alone. It's
impossible like okay it's not impossible
but it's I couldn't do it alone. No way.
So um having a manager that really
really understands where you want to go
is just so so so important I think. And
there's a there's a pretty remarkable
long- termism to your mindset that I I
garnered from watching some of the
videos that you'd made. One in
particular was
the video where you know a brand has
come along and offered you 2 million
quid
to like be the face of their brand or do
a partnership with them
and Fran has presented you with that
opportunity
and you said no I don't want to do that.
Yeah.
2 million quid Molly.
Yeah. No, I said
I would wear dresses for [laughter] 2
million if that brand is still looking
for a a face. Oh my god, that's crazy.
Why did you say what?
That's the thing. Like, as I just said
before, like no amount of money can make
me take a job that I don't believe in.
If I'm not wearing the clothes, I'm not
taking the job. No matter if they offer
me 5 million, 10 million. And I just so
solely believe that because the money
will come from your audience like
appreciating that you didn't take that
job. And do you know what I'm saying?
Like it's I'd rather build that trust
than than take that money because the
trust is what will earn you money in the
future anyway. So, I know that 2 million
pound is going to come back to me at
some point because I'll work with
another brand that I do believe in
instead and and my audience will see
that and they'll buy into it. They'll
like the picture. They'll engage with
the content. Whereas, they're not going
to if I took that that brand deal
before. So, cuz the audience see
through. They're not stupid. Like people
I follow on Instagram that I love when
they do something that's not authentic.
I see straight through it because you're
the consumer. Like, you know, and it's
just um yeah, I think I did I knew you'd
bring out that 2 million one because
everyone was really fascinated by it. I
think everyone was really shocked. But
that's the side to me that people don't
see. And I was really glad that me and
Fran had that chat on my YouTube because
it showed people that,
you know, it's there's so much more to
it than people see with this whole
influencing thing. It's they have no
idea what really goes on.
And my last point on this this point of
you and Fran, one of the things I found
actually quite quite remarkable is um
when when you were coming down today and
you know we were sorting out the the
logistics and those things, you and Fran
stayed in the same hotel room.
Yeah.
which is not typical of, you know,
manager and client.
Yeah.
How close are you? You and Fran and
we're literally like best friends. She's
I say like she's like a second mom to
me. Like it it's grown that way because
we spend like we spend every day
together. We're on the phone 24/7. Like
I speak to her more than I speak to
Tommy. Absolutely. Like it's the
constant constant conversation. It never
stops. If we're not on the phone, we're
texting. If we're not texting, we're in
person with each other. Um Yeah. So,
like even after the last few weeks,
what's been going on with Tommy and I,
like Fran took us in, she's looked after
us. It's she's like my mom in
Manchester. Like without her, I honestly
don't know how I'd have got through the
last few years of my life. Like she's
she's um yeah, it's much more than a
manager. And I'm so blessed. I know it's
not a normal situation for people to
have a manager like that. And I know
when you come out of a show like Love
Island, having that manager that is on
it is so key. It is honestly so so key
because without that it can really
really fluff things up for you which
I've seen firsthand with so many people
and it's so sad but yeah
so let's talk about that then. So, Love
Island. Um, I don't want to talk too
much about it because I think everybody
understands the show and the concept of
it, but when you first were presented
with the opportunity and you're debating
because a lot, you know, I think
everyone's got a mate who says, "Oh,
yeah, Love Island asked me to be on it
and I said no." That nonsense, right?
When you first were presented with the
opportunity, what was your incentive for
saying yes?
Well, it's it's tricky. I've always
struggled with how to talk about it
because I answered [snorts] a question
once on my YouTube about was Love Island
a business move for you? like and I and
it is tricky for me to say the right
thing without upsetting people. But put
it this way, I didn't go on that show to
find love. No one does. People go on it
for the experience. People go on there
for a laugh. And I think because I went
on there with a completely probably
incorrect mindset, that's why I did come
out with a boyfriend. And I think cuz
you know when you're not expecting
something, it happens. Um but yeah, I
remember that it they came forward and I
just thought at the time my influencing
was going really well. And there was
actually a side of me that thought I can
actually do this without going on this
show. like I know I'll be fine either
way. My following my following was
growing rapidly. Like I think I was
about 170,000 followers at that point
and that was all organic growth. There
was no TV shows or anything and I hadn't
had any friends of large followings that
sort of posted me. It was all very
natural growth. So I knew I'd I'd say
now if I hadn't gone on the show I'd
probably be I'd like to say I'd be
hitting a million followers um cuz I had
that really good work ethic with my
Instagram. But the show just sort of it
just elevated me. And then I think one
thing I always say is that when you come
off that show, you're all on a level
playing field and it's totally up to you
where you go with it. And I just knew
that I wanted to go just to levels that
no one had ever gone to. And that's why
I never really speak about it cuz I just
feel like I don't owe it. That's not the
reason why I am where I am now. Yeah, it
gave me a platform. Yeah, it elevated
me. But the things I've done now are not
because of Love Island. They're because
of me and what I've decided to do and my
work ethic.
So I want to drill down on that point
then. So you're completely right. Um,
Love Island is a platform, but the it's
super super clear that if you look at
the outcome of everybody that's been on
that platform,
the results are wildly varying.
And um, you're you've you know, you're
part of that platform.
Yeah.
But what's happened to you subsequently
after you've been on that show,
Yeah.
is um,
unprecedented. there's not been another
example of someone who has risen so high
following being involved in that
platform. So, what is it about you
and you know your character, your, you
know, whatever it might be? I don't want
to put the answer in your mouth. What is
it about you that's that's caused that?
So many different things, but I think I
knew the minute I came off that show
that I just wanted to do crazy things.
And one thing for me is that when I
reach one goal, it's what can I achieve
next? It's never enough for me. And I
think it's a bit of a downside to my
personality because when I achieve
something incredible, I I just want
more. I always want more. Like I
remember I was speaking to Fran about
this. I was like I remember when my goal
was I really want to get a million
pounds my bank account. That's all I
wanted to do. I was like that is my
goal. And then the minute I reached it I
was like well I want two now. I want two
million. And it's like I never am happy
with where I'm at. I'm constantly
working towards the next thing. But I
think you need that you need that work
ethic. You need that desire to always
want more. It's never enough for me.
Even when I got my biggest dream collabs
and it's just what can I get next?
Fran's thick of it as well. She's like,
"It's enough now. [laughter] Come on."
Yeah. You know, and when someone hears
that, they might think, well, how do how
do you how would you be happy and
satisfied and content
whilst always striving to have more and
more and more? And once you get to that
mountain top or what you thought was the
mountain top, they call it like a f
false peak and climbing where you get to
that bit and then you look up and
there's more to go
and you and so how do you find the
happiness amongst and amidst the climb?
Yeah, I'm working on that I think cuz
even recently like we moved in into a
new place. We moved into this new house
and I've realized I've actually got a
bit of a problem with it cuz I was like
this house is literally a dream. It's a
dream but it's not enough for me because
I still want more. Like I still want a
bigger house. I still want bigger things
and it's like I need to work on that
because you do need to find that
happiness because you know 16 17year-old
me is screaming at the things I'm doing
right now and I'm still like it's not
enough you know but I think that's why I
I'm doing the things I'm doing and I am
achieving great things because it's I'm
never sort of like okay yeah that I'm
happy this week I'll just sit down and
and this is fine. No it's like what are
we doing next week? It's it's always
more.
Why do you think you want more? I
what does it what emotionally
psychologically in the mind what what
what is it that's saying that more why
is more important
I think again going back to that point
where like when I when I'm older and
I've got my kids around me and I I want
to literally look back and say like my
life was unbelievable like I did every
single thing I could possibly ever want
to do. There's not one thing on my list
that's not ticked and I think I'm not
there yet and I know I can achieve more
because it's possible so why not? Like
we literally only are given one life.
have to just go to the extremes and
that's what I'm trying to do.
I um I'm I'm very much the same in many
ways and over the years I think I got to
a point where my book is called happy
sexy millionaire because at 18 I wrote
in my diary range bear in mind I was
living in Mosite and didn't have a
driving license. A Range Rover Sport
will be my first car. Make a million
before I'm 25. I'll have a girlfriend
and I'll have a six-pack basically.
Right. That's my life goals. 25.
Brilliant.
24 I'm driving a Range Rover Sport. I'm
a millionaire. Whatever. Whatever.
Whatever. And then
that antilimax of getting there.
Yes.
This like feeling of where's the
marching band in the confetti. Like I
thought
it's a huge anti-limax, isn't it? It's
it's it's mental. Like don't get me
wrong, it's incredible to reach your
goals, but it is a little bit oh you
know when you hear people the richest
people in the world and they say you're
not happy though cuz you have all this
money. Think yeah. you are happy. Like,
of course you are. You've got all this
money. But they're probably not because
it really actually doesn't mean
anything. All of that stuff. Your
happiness comes from within and the
people around you and your life. It
doesn't come from how how much money you
have in your bank and what car you drive
and what house you live in. It really
doesn't. It sounds cliche, but it it
I've learned that and I'm only 22 and it
and I've realized that straight away.
I'm like, "Oh gosh, okay." It actually
doesn't come from all this stuff. It
comes from your mental state and and
your family and that the more important
stuff really, the non-supficial stuff.
That anticlimax is very real though and
my my concern as you've said there is
like I just was scared that I'd never be
happy if I'm not happy now because yeah
like this is like I think for both of us
from what you said anyway this is the
dream
that Hitchin Molly May
dreamed of and you and Hitchin Molly May
at 17 said when we get there at 22 we're
going to be happy. I promise you.
[clears throat]
I'll sit on my sofa and I won't work
another day and I'll be happy and I'll
just It's not that way. It isn't. You
think it will be. And don't get me wrong
it's incredible and I'm so happy. I'm
the happiest I've ever been. I tech I
don't want for more, but I do. If that
makes sense. I don't know.
Have you got a lot of friends?
No, I don't. That's That's a blunt
question. Yeah. No,
there's lots of blunt questions here.
[laughter]
Straight up. No. No, I don't. My circle
is minuscule. I have literally about
five people in my circle and that
includes friends. I have acquaintances
and I have people in my life that I I
say are my friends, but I no, my circle
is absolutely tiny and I like it that
way. I wouldn't have it any other way.
Um, I work, I spend time with my
boyfriend, and I go to bed. That is
literally my life. And I'm not bothered
about a social life. It's never been
something that I've been interested in.
I don't know if you've like I don't know
if you know, but I I don't really drink.
I don't party. I don't go out, but that
is just because I actually don't enjoy
it. It's not for me. I'd rather just
focus on making money, being successful,
and and being happy. That's friends.
They they come and go, and I just I find
it a waste bit of a waste of time.
So, you don't you don't actively want
more friends? No.
Yeah.
No, it's it's time consuming like trying
to make people happy. Like, I've lost a
lot of friends, but since coming off
Love Island because I don't have the
time and I and in the end, I just say,
do you know what? Look, like I'd rather
focus on the things that are actually
going to elevate me. And and it sounds
savage, but sometimes friends, they just
not cling on, but they they don't add
much value. Yeah, I know it sounds a bit
savage, but
No, it's true. And especially when you
evolve as a person, you kind of
sometimes I think you lose the thing
that made you resonate with certain
people. You%
Well, I'm not that girl from Hitching
anymore. And you know, like I'm not that
young girl that was a lifeguard at
Hitchin swimming pool. Like that's not
me. I I I've I'm living a completely
different in a different world now. And
a lot of my friends can't relate to
that. And even though I'm still the same
person, my life and my circumstances,
they're just so different that you do
just naturally
just people just fall off, don't they?
But friends have never I've never needed
lots of friends. It's just
[clears throat] something that I've
never really needed. And people pick up
on pick up that about me really quickly.
They just say like, "God, your circle's
so small."
Bit [clears throat] of a loner, but I
like it.
I you know, I asked that question in
part because every successful person
I've sat here with doesn't have a lot of
friends.
No. And you know, I was actually having
a conversation with one of the previous
guests on this podcast and she's got two
and a half million followers on
Instagram and she was telling me last
night that she has one friend, it's her
boyfriend.
Yeah, sounds about right. I She
literally said, "I have one friend and
it's my boyfriend."
Yeah, that sounds that sounds about
right for me.
And it's sometimes it's weird cuz when I
ask people this question, it feels
really uncomfortable.
Yeah. When you first said it, I was
like, "Oh god, no, I don't." But it's
Yeah, it's it's a weird one because you
don't want to sound like you you don't
have any friends because then people
think, "Well, you're probably the
problem then." Do you know what I mean?
Like you're pushing people away, but it
isn't that. It's just like I haven't got
the time. Like I' I really would rather
just spend time with Fran because we're
friends and we talk about work and we
get we you know we we make money and
then I spend time with my with my
boyfriend because he's amazing and I
doesn't you don't need to force the
conversation. You don't have to go for
dinners and spill. It's just like it
sounds terrible but I just don't have
the time for it. [laughter] I just I'm
lazy with it.
Has it become hard to trust people? Um
especially following you know your
meteoric rise in the public eye. Does it
get more difficult to trust
Yeah. people because they're always you
know people always well sometimes people
are in it for themselves. They're trying
to sell stuff stories about you or
they're trying to take advantage.
Yeah. I've been quite blessed with my
rise in that I because my circle has
always been small. I've not really had
to cut people off because they're, you
know, selling stories to the press. I've
never had that. I mean that I know of
anyway. Um, I mean, yeah, but um, yeah,
I mean, you you do have to be worried
about who's in your life because I I
think Fran always says this to me. She's
like, you just think you're still that
17-year-old girl from Hitchens.
Sometimes you're not. And people will
come into your life for the wrong
reasons. But I think I'm a bit naive to
that sometimes. And that is another
reason why I keep my circle so small
because it's different now. I think the
PE it's just it's hard to, as I say,
it's hard to trust people. I um I was
watching something you you said about
how you've been very open about sharing
the lows and the highs that have come
with um your meteoric rise and the
publicity and being in the public eye
that it's it's very easy to see a lot of
the clear upsides, right?
The nice things, the like general sense
of I'd say like freedom to choose,
freedom of choice in your career and
stuff like that. But what are some of
the like tradeoffs of that success which
you just think that sucks?
Oh, there's a lot. There's lots.
Obviously, I've dealt with a lot in the
last 2 years in terms of I I was trolled
extremely badly. I mean, it's like a
cliche topic and I and I don't really
talk about the trolling a lot because
it's feel like it's all anyone talks
about on social media these days is
trolls and trolling and but it it it did
happen to me extremely badly. And there
was this one time we went to Barbados to
shoot a campaign for my fake tan
business and um we were followed the
whole trip by Paparazzi. we didn't even
realize. And they were posing as like
architecture um photographers in front
of this building. And and I did think at
one point I was like, is that guy taking
pictures of me? But I just thought, you
know, he's taking pictures of the
building behind me. There's no way in
Barbados that they're going to be taking
pictures of me. Anyway, that afternoon
um me stood in this white bikini like
completely like they were just the most
horrendous pictures in my eyes. And I I
actually rang the Daily Mail myself. I
went through to someone on customer
service and I just was like, "This is
Molly May. you must take those pictures
down now. Like I was hysterically crying
and I was and this poor person on
customer service was probably just like
what is going on? And I was just
screaming down the phone like please
like you've ruined my life. Like look at
the comments under that picture like
please take them down. And it was just
like when I look back at that now I I
mean I would never say like I've had
like a mental breakdown but that was
close to it because I'd lost I just went
crazy. I was like screaming down the
phone this personal customer service
that couldn't do anything about it. But
for me I was like this is going to make
it better. Like if they take them down
it will all go away. But that was like a
really really low moment for me. Um,
probably like the lowest of coming out
of the show. It was horrendous. It was
just horrendous. Like people calling me
fat, um, overweight. And I'm a size
eight. So like it just it made me so
upset to think that if people are
calling me overweight, you know, a girl,
a very normal size 10 girl, like what
are they going to be thinking if if I'm
being called fat? Like it's it's
heartbreaking. And I think the whole
trolling thing, like I have kind of
dealt with it now. Like I'm really good
at dealing with it. I sort of had this
approach of like if it doesn't matter
like people can say what they want to
say these people are just genuinely so
unhappy in their lives that they try and
bring you down and it's so sad but um
you do learn to deal with it. It's just
part of it and we're really we've
learned in terms of like we're we're on
always on pack watch now and if we go
away on campaigns like we literally have
someone that job is specifically to look
out for people taking pictures so it
doesn't happen again cuz it was it was
quite bad that for me
those Daily Mail comments really are a
cesspool of just vileness. I remember
when I was announced as a dragon on
Dragon's Den and like I don't look at
comment sections cuz I'm just really not
bothered. It's like not going to add to
my life. But then my family calling me
and being like, oh my god, those
comments.
My mom does that to me. I'm like, don't
look at the
My mom [laughter] does that to me. She
goes, have you seen the comments on
Daily Mail? I'm like, mom, why would you
tell me that? Like, don't look. I'm not
looking, so neither do you. Like, just
leave it. But yeah, I think obviously
they're just looking out for you and
they don't understand that you're
probably just trying to avoid it. That's
a pretty remarkable way to live is
you're talking about, you know, being on
holiday and having someone on Pat watch
and
you must always be on edge to some
degree.
You are always on edge and it's it's a
weird way to live, but it's become
normal now. It's been 2 and a half years
and that was really early on in
Barbados. That was I think maybe 3
months, four months after I'd come out
of the show and that was okay, this is
how we need to live now. This is how we
need to do things. And it's just been
the same. and having an incredible team
as well to to be protective of you is is
I'm really lucky for that because I I
couldn't do it by myself. It is, you
know, really vulnerable like it's such a
vulnerable job to have.
Um and yeah, perhaps posing as
architect, photographers, like it's just
there's snakes everywhere.
Yeah, man. Before we started recording,
Fran, your manager, told me that you are
a little bit of a perfectionist and that
you care a lot about getting all the
details right for your customers, but
across your life generally. So, I guess
my question to you is how do you do
that? How do you, dare I say, worry
about details and also still maintain
your peace of mind?
I mean, it's it's compartmentalizing it.
It's sort of like I I don't really
switch off. It's almost like I just it's
sort of built into my mind. And it's a
24/7. It's I'm always always thinking in
the back of my mind how everything I'm
doing is affecting my work because
that's I am my job at the end of the
day. Like I'm Molly May and Molly May is
what's make what makes me my income.
It's not like I go to work and I come
back and I switch off. I'm 24/7 on my
phone. So everything I'm doing,
everything I'm saying, one story post
that takes two seconds to post.
Everything I do affects how I make
money, how my audience perceives me. So
it's I just think I've just sort of like
I don't know it becomes one. My life is
just is
it sounds chaotic, right? And it also
sounds like I find it pretty remarkable
based on people I've spoken to that live
in a similar way that are very neurotic
and that are always on and always
thinking and then are in the middle of
the like social media instant feedback
bubble.
How do you avoid being anxious in that
in that within that
cauldron? you you really just have to
sort of accept that Instagram is
Instagram and there's always going to be
that one person on Instagram that that
doesn't like what you're doing. I've got
6.2 million followers. It is impossible
to please everybody. So, I've really had
to understand that, you know, everything
I say and everything I do, not
everyone's going to like it, no matter
how much I wish they did because it
would put my mind at rest a lot knowing
that everybody loves what I'm doing,
there's always going to be that one
person that that hates what you're doing
and hates you. So, you just sort of have
to
sort of understand that Instagram is is
just it's very superficial and it's just
a highlight reel. That's why I love my
YouTube as well because I feel like my
YouTube is so behind the scenes. It's
you really get that that bigger picture.
You see the bad stuff that's happening
in my day. And I think, do you know what
I think, not to sound bigheaded, but I
think that is why I have a really high
engagement on my Instagram is because my
followers, they they see me on YouTube
and they see that picture on Instagram
and they think we know that she's not
actually had a good day. We know that
she's actually I spoke about a few
months ago how I wanted this really
really incredible job opportunity and I
didn't get it. And I'm really
transparent. Like I'm like today's been
crap. I've cried today. Like I've come
on my period today. I'm feeling really
rubbish today. like I'm I'm really
really transparent. So I think when they
see that picture on Instagram, they know
actually if we want to see a bit more of
like a realist side here, we'll just go
to our YouTube and have a look. And I
love that. That is why I to all my
influencer friends, I say start YouTube.
Start YouTube. If you want your
engagement to grow, if you want your
audience to fall in love with you, if
you want people to understand you more,
you have to start a YouTube. Because
Instagram is it's it's nothing. It's a
picture. I post one picture a day.
What's anyone going to learn from that
picture? Nothing. YouTube is where it's
at. That's where they learn. And that's
where they engage with you and
understand you and believe in you.
And that's the depth, right? You don't
It's so important. Like I do YouTube
because I love it. I've I still edit all
my own content. I still Yeah. I I'm
really I love it. I actually find it um
therapeutic, editing my videos. And I
love um when I finish editing a video
and I upload it, I love that sense of I
just created that. And it's bigger than
just editing an Instagram picture and
putting it through color tone and
putting a filter on it. you've spent
time developing that video and you've
created and millions of people are going
to go and watch that and spend their 20
minutes of their day watching that video
that you've created and I love that
feeling. That's really special and I've
had so many video editors editors say
like, "Oh, I'll do I would never give
that job to someone else." One of the
things I find really fascinating, it's
linked to what you said there about
being very honest and open with your
audience, but at the same time, again,
if we're talking about things that feel
like they don't marry together or they
feel like contradictions, is as you rise
and rise and rise and as you experience
more like material success and you can
buy nicer things, do you become less
relatable to your audience? And is this
is this something you think about
because the girl at you know that is 16
right now living in Hitchens looking up
at you and you're getting you're getting
apparently further and further away from
being you know
that's such an interesting question when
you say that then I was like that's a
really valid point and I actually don't
get wrong I'll be honest I do see
comments on my Instagram saying like you
know can you do like a more high street
haul this week can you talk about more
high street clothes because don't forget
in that six million followers there's
such a wide wide variety of people.
There's that 45year-old mom that's, you
know, living on food stamps that's, you
know, and she's got no money and she
wants to see me post really normal
things, but then I've got probably
another girl that's following me and
18-year-old girl that dad funds their
life and they want to see the glamour.
It's there's it's such a it's impossible
to to sort of cater for everyone. I try
and as I sort of as you say as I sort of
my life is changing so much I still try
and stay as relatable as possible and I
do I I would say that I am still
extremely relatable and again that's my
YouTube I post yeah all these incredible
things that I buy on my Instagram and
I've sort of stopped doing that now but
I I well
oh because yeah but um I I sort of
that's again on my YouTube is I'm I'm
there's in a vlog I might be saying oh
I've just bought this brand new watch.
It's amazing. It's cost X amount and I'm
having a really great day. But then I
also might say, you know, me and Tommy
have just had a huge argument and I've
walked out the house. I there's it's in
a vlog I try and keep that balance as
much as possible so I can sort of
not because I cater for everyone, just
because I am that way. Life is that that
way. You know, when you're being honest,
one minute something's really great, the
next minute something's really [__] And
that's just the way it is.
And I guess there's there's two forces
there really because I think if I was um
well, not even, but if I was following
you, it'd be for two reasons, right? For
me, on one hand, it's aspiration. It's,
"Oh my god, look at this amazing thing.
All these amazing things she's achieved,
and I really aspire to be there one
day." But then obviously, the
relatability comes from the fact that
you're talking about how bad your period
pains are and this problem with your
boyfriend. And those are things we can
all relate to. And then on the other
hand, there's all these wonderful things
that we can all aspire to.
Yes. And I think I think at the end of
the day, it's it's interesting with
social media because a lot of people in
your position wouldn't share the
aspirational things because they'll care
too much about what people might say.
Yeah. I would actually say the opposite.
I would say I think a lot of people
share the aspirational things, but they
don't share the low moments.
That's true.
When I when I'm watching people's
YouTubes, I'm seeing so many girls being
like, "My life is just so amazing and I
do these amazing things and I'm a vegan
and I eat clean and I go to the gym."
and they don't talk about the low
moments and they wonder why their
audience isn't engaged. You have to be
honest and you have to include those
things that maybe you don't really want
to include it, but your audience will
appreciate that because that girl is
probably also having a crappy day that's
watching it. So, she wants to see you
also having a crappy day. So, she knows
it's okay.
And that's where I think some
influencers and some YouTubers, they
they fall down because they don't
they're not 100% honest. Whereas I
really really am and I stand by that.
Um, so yeah,
if you buy something really expensive
though, let's say you buy something
really really expensive, when you go to
post it, is there an is there a feeling
of like concern about
it might make some people feel, you
know, that struggling might make them
feel bad or inadequate in a way.
Yeah. I mean, it's tricky, isn't it?
It's it's hard to know what you're going
to what you post, how it's going to
affect people. Like, you might think
that posting one thing will have no
effect on somebody, but actually it
could be all that person thinks about
that day. And it's kind of scary. It's a
massive responsibility because I have
super young followers as well and I've
got to be careful. You know, I've been
on a bit of like a health journey
recently. I've got to be so careful
talking about weight loss and what I'm
eating because you don't know what
you're saying. It's so impressionable.
And these young girls, they're so again
vulnerable. And I know when I was
watching girls Instagram stories, I
mean, I'm sure I'll talk to you about
filler in a bit, but I Instagram was the
reason I ended up getting all that
filler because I was watching these
girls stories thinking they have filler,
so I need to go and get filler. So, if
I'm posting about, you know, a health
journey and I've lost a few pounds, I
feel great. Well, then young girls are
going to go and think, well, I need to
go lose a few pounds if Molly May's done
it. So everything you're saying, it has
to be so clearly thought about because
it's you have no idea how that one tiny
story is going to affect that person's
day with everything.
Isn't there a lot of things though where
you just can't you can't there's no way
to get it right.
You can't control it. No, you can't get
it right all the time.
I feel like there must be so many things
where if you post it, you're going to
get back cuz I I experience it a little
bit. People It's funny with with um with
me. I I t and I've learned this again
from my guests that I've sat here with.
I can get away for some reason with a
with a lot more than they can. So, I can
post something and I'll typically get
like pretty much 100% posit like a good
example actually was when um I'd been in
the gym a lot and I'm saying to Grace,
who's in my content team, I'm like, I'm
going to post a topless photo and say
like show my gym transformation before
and after. And Grace raises it to me
that like a lot of influencers who do
that get like slammed for, you know,
what what you saying? You're saying six
pack is healthier.
I'm like, no one's going to say that in
my audience. I post it, everyone's
clapping. Everyone's like, "Amazing.
Give us your tips."
Isn't it?
But it seems to be like almost a double
standard for for creators and women like
you who
if I look at it and think, "Oh, man. You
got it's like a minefield of
correctness."
I know honestly, but that is another
reason why I I stay quiet on a lot of
things. I don't I'm often fearful to
speak. And even on Twitter, I kind of
stopped using my Twitter because
everything you say like you I remember a
few few months ago I went to Italy for
um a trip and I mentioned that I I
didn't like the food in Italy and the
way I worded it probably wasn't it I
probably could have worded it better but
I was trending on Twitter for 4 days
about how I said I didn't like the food
in Italy and and I was like literally
going through a really hard time. I was
like I can't deal with this. It's like
I've I've made one comment that people
didn't like about the ice cream in Italy
and and I'm literally trending and I'm
getting like death threats because of it
and it's a lot. It's a lot. Like it's
how and I mean I always say like when I
don't have like a scandal for a while
I'm thinking god a scandal's coming
soon. I'm going to say something wrong
soon. Like it's it is you're kind of
always on the edge of like what's going
to be next? Like what's what's happening
next? So with all this, you know, when
you say this to me, my like I've got to
be honest, I don't envy that situation
because I think one of the forms of um
one of the real causes in our society
and in the world of mental health issues
is feeling like you can't be your true
self.
Yeah.
And there are physical forms of
imprisonment, putting someone in a jail.
And then there are mental forms of
imprisonment which is like stopping them
speaking freely about who they are, who
they love, what they think and what they
feel. And yet when in every interview
that I've encountered with you, the
answer I see is I'm very very happy.
How could how how is how is that all
possible for you to live in a world
where there is so much concern and so
many minds that you could possibly step
on and to still be
happier? I know. I am always saying that
I'm happy because how I think it would
be selfish for me to say that I'm not
like how could I not be happy? Like
17-year-old me creeps back up then cuz
I'm thinking like God I am happy because
this is all I ever wanted. And yes,
every day in my mind I think, God, I've
got these worries and I have got these
struggles. But let's just take a step
back. I am happy. Like I I sort of have
to just look at the bigger picture. I'm
healthy. I have my health. My family's
well. I have an incredible manager. I
have an incredible boyfriend. I live in
a beautiful house. I'm safe. I'm happy.
Like, I am Yeah, I've got all these
these worries about when am I next going
to have a scandal? When when am I next
going to say the wrong thing? And but in
the bigger picture, like 17-year-old me
again could only dream of this [__] and
I'm living it. So, that's how I look at
it.
And that gratitude, you know, it's
clearly so important to be
Yeah. Yeah. Centered and grounded
amongst all of this chaos, right?
Yes. Yeah. 100%. I I am very grounded.
And I think that's one thing that I'm
proud of is that everyone that knows me
from my life prior to Love Island, they
they've all say I've never changed. I've
always stayed the same. Yeah. My life,
my circumstances have changed, but me
myself, I' I'm the same person. And I
and I know I am. I've never become
bougie. I've never become like I' I've
never, you know, I just I couldn't. It's
not me. I am that I am still that girl
from Hartford Shere but just with a very
different life now. But I've never
changed. Even then since I've met Fran
in that two and a half years, I'm still
the same person that she met on that day
when I came out of Love Island. So yeah,
I stand by that and I'm proud that I've
stayed the same. What are these drinks
here?
So this is Hu. They're the the um it's
basically nutritionally complete food.
So it's um it's the fastest growing
e-commerce company in the country.
Oh, is it?
Yeah. Online and internationally. It's
basically like it's like your your
perfect meal in a drink. So 20, you
know, all your proteins, all your
vitamins, all your minerals, vegan,
glutenfree, and if you're ever on the
I'm sure you are cuz you're super busy.
If you're ever on the go and you're like
skipping meals and stuff,
you have one of these fills you and make
sure that you get all everything you
need.
Amazing.
So I think as the world has got busier,
Hu has got more popular, you know. But
anyway,
right, have to try a hu.
Yeah, we'll give you a couple. They
actually send you a big package after
this. They always do. So,
Oh, okay.
Um, not that anyone knows where you live
now. We'll just make [laughter] it.
We'll talk to him.
Fran barely knows where I live.
I'll send it to France. You can put it
on.
Speaking though about social media and
you know, one of the changes you made
and you you've talked about this
publicly is you removed the cosmetic
filler from your face,
right? Yeah.
And um
and other things, other sort of changes
to your sort of cosmetic appearance. Can
you talk to me first about what it was
that made you want to go and get
cosmetic filler in your face?
Well, I think
you're clearly very beautiful.
Oh, thank you. Well, I was 17 16 or 17
when I first got filler and 16 if it
was, I think, is actually illegal.
Um, I think you have to be 17 legally.
Um, but I I went and got lip filler when
I was around 16. And it didn't stop for
a few years. I kept getting it and I
kept getting it and it became around
that time was when it had become very
normalized. Filler was it was literally
like going going to the gym like I'm
just going to go and get a top off of my
lip filler. It became so normalized
which is terrifying and so scary that
these things are spoken about on social
media like these these um aesthetic
pages they're posting all these packages
you can get with filler and it's it
became really normal. So I just I went
one day and I just got it and it was
like nothing and I didn't tell my mom. I
just kept it from everyone. no one even
really noticed. But I think on social
media, as I said before, I was seeing
all these girls um with filler and with
all these things done to our fa their
faces. So I thought, well, if I want to
be successful in that industry, if I
want to be an influencer and I want to
have a large following, I'm going to
have to get that, too. Like, I'm going
to need to do that to my face. I need
jaw filler and cheek filler and lip
filler and Botox to look the way these
girls do. Um when actually what I what I
realize now is all just editing. None
[laughter] of them look like that
anyway. But um it's scary because it I I
wouldn't say I got addicted to it, but
uh by the age of 21,
I didn't look like the same person. I
literally looked like a different
person. It was when I look back at
pictures now, I'm I'm terrified of
myself. I'm like, who was that girl? I
don't know what happened. And it was
actually only until my sister said to
me, she was like, we need to sort this
out. It was took her to tell me. I was
at um a PA in in a club. I don't
remember where I was. And she texted me
and she was like, I need to talk to you
about the filler. like it's too much
now. Like it's it's it's enough. You
need to stop. And then I actually sort
of I I remember going on my front camera
and I was looking I was like what's she
talking about? And I actually realized I
was like I don't it's not nice this.
It's my face. I literally everyone used
to call me Quagmire. I don't even know
who Quagmire is. I think it's like a
cartoon character.
Don't know.
Oh okay. Well people say the screen.
Yeah. Quagmire. [laughter] People used
to say quagmire or they said I look like
an Xbox controller. Like my face was
that warped. Like I got all all kinds of
things. Um, but there was this one
pivotal moment where I'd gone and I'd
got loads of filler and I posted a
YouTube video. Um, and I hadn't let the
filler sort of settle and it was really
swollen and a picture from a screenshot
from that video. It trended on Twitter
for weeks. It was horrendous. It was
utterly horrendous. It was like, you can
insert the picture. We'll send it to
you. It was my face was literally like
it was just awful. And it it was that
was a moment for me as well where I was
like I think I think things need to
change. I I thought one day I'm actually
I'm going to get my lips dissolved and
it and it it was a process. I went and
got my lips dissolved and I posted about
it on YouTube and I didn't expect the
response that I got. It was huge and a
lot of girls were tweeting saying made
me laugh and was like Molly May getting
lip filler does not mean that we have
getting her lip filler dissolved sorry
does not mean that we all have to go and
do the same. Cuz obviously they all love
their lip filler which I think is great.
Like some girls absolutely love it and
by me getting my filler dissolved did
not mean that I I don't agree with
filler. I got it at one point like I I
obviously loved it and some girls it
makes them feel super confident and it
did for me for a while until I took it
too far. I think it can be a great
thing. It's not for me to sit here and
bash it because some girls they do feel
amazing with it and that's that's great.
But for me um the the minute I started
to sort of reverse my image and dissolve
the filler and dissolve my lips and I
actually had full set of composite um
bonding like veneers on my teeth, I had
them removed as well, I literally took
it to the extremes and I just stripped
myself back and weirdly I felt the
prettiest I'd ever felt once it had all
gone. And I and I I feel like I'd
dropped about five years off my age and
it was like it was a really really
significant moment for me and I just
stripping everything back and I didn't
realize how much respect that would get
me. I didn't do it for respect. I did it
for myself. I didn't do it for anyone
else. I did it because I knew that I
needed to. But from doing it all these
young girls were like well all these
young girls parents were emailing Fran
and saying thank you so much. Like this
is so amazing for us to see. It's so
different. I actually had some a mom
come up to me when I was visiting
Hitchin with my mom. She came up to me
in the street crying her eyes out,
saying that she was so grateful to me
for doing what I did with my filler
because she's so happy that like the
effect it had on her children. And my
mom started crying and it was all like
emotions. My mom was she when the woman
walked away, she was like, "I'm so proud
of you." And I just didn't realize like
from me doing that the effect it would
have on so many people. Your manager,
Fran, told me, she said, um, when you
made that decision to remove the
cosmetic filler and the the bonding from
your teeth, um, she was getting so many
emails, she couldn't keep up with her
inbox from parents saying expressing
their admiration and gratitude because
obviously previously, um, those parents
and their children had been looking up
to certain role models who do do a lot
of editing because of, you know, because
of the comparison based world we live
in. and to have a role model like
yourself who is taken the very very
brave and um brave is maybe not the
right word but just the very um
important step to say that I'm going to
be a role model that doesn't um tamper
too much with my face because of the
consequences and what that might tell my
audience about themselves
when you went on your transition when
you went from being you know a little
bit too much filler here maybe and
bonded teeth and stuff like that to the
oh natural Molly that you are Now, was
there ever moments of doubt where you
looked at yourself and thought, do you
know what? Maybe I'll nip back and
Yeah. Well, yeah. I mean, it didn't
happen overnight. I can't sit here and
say like I suddenly just felt
incredible. Like, it was a huge change.
Like, my I literally I looked like a
different person with all the filler in
and a different person with it out. And
um there was a moment where I I'd just
done the cover for Cosmopolitan magazine
and it was a really big deal to me. I
was so hugely happy that I'd landed the
cover because
um I it was a dream. It's huge. My mom
used to buy me that magazine when I was
younger and it was it was I couldn't
believe that I was going to be on the
cover. But that was the first time I'd
been pictured after I'd had all the
filler removed and I actually despised
the picture so much that I just I cried
about it for days. Yeah. I cuz I didn't
get approval of the image and I just
thought I sort of prayed. I was like I
really hope I like the image and I I
absolutely hated it. and it went it went
out and it was fine and everyone was
telling me how amazing I looked and and
it was kind of sad that after everyone
sort of confirmed that they they thought
I looked nice then I felt better. That's
a bit sad because I think I didn't until
I' until people started to started to
say that and I never really thought I
was that girl. I always sort of thought
I don't need people to tell me that I
look nice like it
but I think then I did because I was
really vulnerable like I just had all
this filler and removed. No one had
really seen me like that. I looked
really different. I did and I think
people noticed it, but people really
admired it because it was different. It
was new. No one had no one had really
done that yet.
I I wouldn't want to say that I started
a trend, but I do feel like I did start
a bit of a trend with the sort of
dissolving. And again, I'm proud of that
because yeah, I might have been a bit
uneasy about it at first, but now loads
of people are doing it and I love it.
It's like an amazing movement. And with
the with the brands that you're involved
in in the businesses you run, do you now
seek out models and influencers and
creators that are representing that more
natural look as well?
I wouldn't even say so because as I said
before, I don't think filler is a bad
thing. If it's done safely and it's done
in a way that makes a girl feel more or
a guy feel more confident, then then
that's great. Whatever makes that person
feel amazing, that's what I like. kind
of a model comes in and we like her and
she's got a face full of filler. That's
not a problem because another girl
that's looking at that campaign also
might have a face full of filler. You
know, again, it's I don't really judge
people based on things like that. I made
a mistake with it once and but at one
point I loved it and it did
[clears throat] make me feel confident.
So, no, I think we just like when we're
booking models for filter and things. We
just want to be relatable and we want to
sort of have a girl modeling our the
fake tan that that lots of girls can
relate to. That's why we use always use
multiple models in our campaigns and
plus size and we we we try and sort of
cater to everybody.
Imposter syndrome when people rise very
very quickly into high places they often
talk about this feeling of imposter
syndrome where they you know inside them
maybe they're still that girl from
Hitchin but they're in these like big
rooms with these big things talking
about big ideas and do you ever feel
that? Um, I I guess I'm I'm extremely
honest when I need to ask questions when
I don't understand what the hell's going
on. Like I actually said to Fran, I was
like, I bet Steven's going to use loads
of words that I have no idea what they
mean and I'm just going to have to sit
here and pretend that I have a clue what
he's on about when really I don't.
Has that happened yet?
No. [laughter]
But when I was listening to your one
with Patricia Bright, you said a few
words and I was like, don't know what
that means. And I was like, it's
definitely that's going to happen. But
I'm really honest. I'm really
transparent when I'll be in finance
meetings with Fran and we'll be talking
about gross profit and I and I say can
we just rewind? I have no idea what
we're talking about here and I'm really
really transparent with that. Like I
tried to just remember I am 22. They
didn't teach me this stuff in school.
They they really didn't. And I I talking
about mortgages and stuff. I didn't know
what a mortgage was until a few months
ago. I'll be honest cuz when I started
looking at buying a house I was like so
what is a mortgage? Cuz I didn't know.
And I think um that's how I've sort of
gotten away from that like imposter
syndrome. I just I I just ask I just ask
the questions. I'm not embarrassed. And
um I've had to learn a lot really
quickly. I didn't know anything at the
start of this process. I didn't know I
don't think I I hadn't earned enough
money to even pay a tax bill before. So
I didn't understand. I was making £1,000
a month before the show. So I'd never
paid a tax bill. Like it and I it was it
was a lot of learning very quickly. And
I've just always asked. I'm not afraid
to ask. I think that's a really
important thing. Don't be afraid to ask
if you don't know. For me, that's it's
so inspiring to hear that answer because
I've been in that exact same situation.
I was in boardrooms as well when I was
22 years old and you're sat there,
you're think you're looking around the
room and there's people double your age
and of course it's easy to feel like um
you're inadequate or you're an imposttor
in that room. But the thing that I
always fell back on was this
understanding that I'm in that room for
a reason. There's something that I have
that those men that are double my age in
suits that have gray hair don't have.
And that's my specialty. That's the
reason I'm there. Um, they have things I
don't have. I have things they don't
have. And I think for me, the thing
that's made me feel comfortable in
intimidating situations, whether it's
dragon's den or being in boardrooms out
of my depth at a very, very young age,
is continually reminding myself that I
am there for a reason, too. And there's
[clears throat] something that I know.
There's some, in your case, you know,
unbelievable creativity and
understanding of the customer that has
put me there. And I think what you've
realized is incredibly important. You
don't have to speak on things you don't
know. And as a young person in these in
these very intimidating foreign
situations like the boardroom, you don't
have to pretend you know everything. You
can just wait and have the confidence to
speak on the things that you know well,
that you know better than everybody. And
I just think that's so incredibly
important that when you are in
intimidating situations as a young
person in business or in your career,
you got to know that you're there for a
reason, too.
Yeah.
You're you're bringing value to that
room, too. You don't have to speak on
everything, but you are there for a
reason. When when I read about your
story, when I I've watched you over the
years and I've been close to people that
you're close to, um I could not believe
for the life of me when my team told me
you were 22. I like I I was like, "Yeah,
sure." Like Googled it myself and I was
like, "Wikipedia is wrong as well."
[laughter]
Because it doesn't make sense, right?
And it it as you say there are so many
like fundamental things about business
and money and life and finance that must
just now be like
thrown at you
and um and to be honest they're thrown
at everybody, right? Um [clears throat]
especially when we you know we start
thinking about mortgages and stuff
in terms of money and finance. What are
some of the lessons that you've you've
had to learn um or the the advice you
would give to people that are listening
to make sure that they don't blow all
their money and get end up in jail?
I don't think I'm the I'll be honest, I
don't think I'm there yet myself to give
advice. I'm still learning. I I have
yeah a a large amount of money for
someone my age and I'm I have to sort of
rely on people around me to advise me
with it. like I've just started
investing which has been a huge
interesting new chapter for me. I hadn't
got a clue about investing but I know
it's really important. I knew it's a
it's a key thing and I need to do it. I
didn't know where to start. So, I've
[clears throat] I've been learning about
that, which has been really interesting.
But I know it is cliche and I know
everyone says it, but because you don't
learn these things in school, like it is
so daunting and my situation is so niche
in that I came into a large amount of
money so quickly and it was so
vulnerable. Like I had to sort of like
get my parents on board with it because
I just you trust all these people, but
it it was so scary. I'd say it's
probably the most daunting thing really.
Like come now and this new world of like
I didn't have literally a pot to piss in
before and now I'm like dealing with
these huge banks and they're like it's
it's mental. It's it's and I don't want
to I wouldn't even give advice because
I'm still learning and I'm not afraid to
say that.
I'm learning every day with it. Um but
yeah, it's it is daunting. It's a whole
new world.
On the we talked a little bit earlier
about we kind of touched on mental
health. One of the things that I was
really inspired by is you you gave the
profits from your one of your PLT ranges
to the charity mind, the mental health
charity.
Yeah.
Why did you do that?
Well, it was it was shortly after
Caroline Flack had passed away.
Um which was obviously heartbreaking and
it was a huge huge huge shock. Um and
myself and PLT we'd planned this huge
launch party and a big launch dinner and
and we I was there getting ready for it.
We canled it on the night because we
just found out the news and it was just
it wasn't right. It just it didn't feel
right and the only way it would feel
rightly releasing the collection is if
we did donate the the profits made to
mind um at that time and it was just it
was a really tricky time and I think I'm
so proud to to be a part of PLT in a way
that they were so on board with it
straight away and it was totally my idea
and I went to them and I said this is
what needs to happen and they were like
yeah it wasn't even a hesitation. It
wasn't like no but we need to make money
back. No, they they totally understood.
Um, yeah, and I'm I'm blessed to work
with PLT so closely because they're
they're just they were amazing at that
time.
Was that one of the things on your
proverbial mood board that becoming the
creative director of PLT? Did you ever
dream about that? What was the and how
did that all come about?
Do you know with Pretty Little Thing?
It's It was crazy because I knew when I
started working with them, it was like I
I had this feeling that it was going to
go bigger than I had anticipated. We
bought out these collections and bought
out these edits and it was just growing
and growing and my growth was was going
up and and it just wasn't slowing down
and I created such a close relationship
with PLT and they they we really
understood each other and it just grew
past that point of being an influencer
cuz I don't really count myself as an
influencer anymore. I know I am
theoretically but it's more than that
now and I am more of a businesswoman and
I feel like PLT it was in it was in the
works for a while. There was
conversations about this role and um I
never really spoke about how it happened
but there was conversations about a role
creative director was mentioned and I
was like that's the only one I want. I
don't want anything else. I don't want
to be head of any other department.
Creative director is my role and if not
then we'll just carry on doing what
we're doing or we'll see. And um Fran
worked on it with Umar and they spoke
and they spoke and it was about six
months in in discussion and then Fran
rang me. I was in my car and she was
like we've got it. you're going to be
the creative director of P Little Thing.
And I I it was a really like it was a
crazy moment. I screamed on the phone. I
was like, "Oh my god, like this is
wild." And I was just so excited to tell
everybody. I had to wait a few months. I
knew I was sitting on it for a while and
then I told everyone and it literally
blew up the internet. I didn't expect it
to have like the effect that it did,
but it was huge. Literally huge.
It was massive. Yeah.
I don't know. It was Yeah. I think it
was just No one really expected it. I
think um no one saw it coming. I think
they probably just thought when I said I
had a big announcement, they probably
like, "Oh, it's just another
collection." She's just bringing out a
few more pieces of clothes. No, it was
when I said I had the biggest piece of
like my biggest achievement yet, I meant
it. It was my biggest achievement yet.
Like I'm not just an influencer anymore.
I'm the creative director of Pretty
Little Thing. Like that hasn't still
really sunken in yet for me.
And what does that mean? So the thing
that brands do very well is they they
like use, you know, influencers,
creators to kind of sell, you know,
we'll do a line with you, we'll do an
edit with you. This is different, right?
Yeah, it's completely different. Talk to
me about how it's different.
Well, I have a huge role within the
business now. I have a huge voice within
the business. And I think what's so
amazing is that I am the consumer. I am
that their their target market really
that age range. I'm I am that consumer.
So to have me in the business with my
views, with my, you know, with my
guidance, like it's really helpful to
them. It's a fresh pair of eyes. I think
they really needed that. And I I think
um because I know the brand so well and
I've worked with them. I worked with
them way before Love Island. I've worked
with PLT now heading on six years. They
were the one of the first businesses,
one of the first fashion companies that
gifted me when I had about 11,000
followers on Instagram. So, I've I've
just we believed in each other from the
very start. So, it was just such an
organic movement for me like just to in
that business. And another funny story
is that when I came out of Love Island,
I had this day where um all these
fashion brands, they came forward and
they sat down and they offered me all
these crazy deals. They I'm not joking.
There was probably about 15 of all my
dream brands. They came in and they were
like, "We'll offer you this. We'll offer
you a car. We'll offer you this amount
of money." Um and PRT didn't actually,
it was um Zoom called me. They were
actually the only one that didn't show
up on the day, but they were the most
important to me because I knew that I
was like it these business meetings with
all these other brands are kind of
irrelevant because I know I want PLT.
PLT wasn't the highest money offer that
came forward. There were brands that
came forward and offered me triple what
PLT offered me. But because I love PLT
so much and because I believed in them
wholeheartedly and I knew that me
working with them was going to be
something the way it is now, I I went
with them
and it was the best thing I ever did.
And what's the best what's now you've
been in that role for several months.
What's your what's your what do you
enjoy most from because you've taken a
big step from being, you know, doing
ranges with them to now being inside the
business.
Yeah.
What surprised you? What have you
enjoyed?
Well, I think people wouldn't understand
that the creative director role, it
wasn't just out of the blue. It came
about because I have been I've always
given my input in everything that I've
done. In every collection I bought out,
I've always done more than the average
influencer. And I think PLT saw that. I
think they saw, hang on, this girl's
actually got something to offer. She's
got ideas on every shoot. I have a large
input with location, sets, um, you know,
photographers, models that I use. Like,
it's I've always never just sat back and
said, "Yeah, that'll do. I'll do that."
I've always had something to say. Um, so
it was I think they they they saw that
and I think even things have changed so
much now since I've come in this role
like the collections that I'm bringing
out now like they're worked on for a
year. They're not it's like I mean the
one we we're bringing out next is it's
been working on we've been working on
now for about seven months. So it's um
things are done a lot more seriously.
They're not rushed. They're really
thought through. Um we're working I
don't know how much I can speak about it
but we're working on um a London Fashion
Week show which has been in the works
now again for about 6 months. Um there's
it's a lot of work and it's interesting
as well again I'll sit here and I'll say
I'll be honest it's a business role and
I'm learning I'm not I don't know
everything about business you know and a
lot of I got a lot of backlash when I
came forward saying I was the new
creative director people were saying
what do you know about being a creative
director you've never been to university
but it's not so much that I go in and I
talk about numbers and I talk about the
nitty-gritty of like that I'm more there
to give my perspective on how things
should be done I'm there to go into the
studios and say I think this needs to be
changed change. I think this, you know,
I'm there to be that fresh set of eyes
and to be the consumer giving their
voice.
Um, that's sort of how it works.
And Umar, you know, the founder and CEO
of Pretty Little Thing, he himself
started in that role when he didn't know
anything about fashion other than, you
know, you know, obviously he's got links
with his family, but that was his first
real chance. And I I've worked with him
as well, and one of the things he's
always said to me is he likes bringing
people in that don't have experience. He
I've seen I've sat in his office for
many many years and he said we need more
16-year-olds in here.
And what he's saying is you said is he
wants fresh eyes. He wants a fresh
perspective. He wants kids that
understand Tik Tok.
Yes.
And keeping and that's probably why
they've done so well and been so
relevant.
You're so right. You're so right. When
you go into the PLT office, it's all
young girls working in there. All
different kinds of girls, but all young.
And it's it's really interesting because
there's like two sides to the office.
You've got like the tech side which are
like all the guys like working away on
their computers like trying to make sure
the website doesn't crash when they have
a massive sale. Then you have like the
side of things where it's like the young
girls doing the Tik Toks, doing the
tweets, doing the Instagram. It's huge.
It's it's absolutely it's like um it's
like an empire PLT. Every time I go in
that head office, I'm like blown away.
Um and I think if I didn't do what I did
now, I'd want to work for PLT in a
different way. Like I'd want to work in
their social media cuz it's it's an
incredible job. All the girls that work
there are so lucky. On the other side of
the fence, I actually have a very unique
perspective because I got to see I was
in the car with the CEO of PLT on the
day when they were he was trying so so
hard to make sure you joined the brand.
And
I've never seen him um so frantic and so
and you know he was not going to
lose the opportunity to work with you.
So I've never seen him like that
actually in all the years. He's a very
ambitious, relentless spray driven guy
that you know knows what he wants and is
willing to work to get it. But that day
in that car, he was like, "We need her."
He was like, "We need her. I can't let
her go anywhere else."
He must have just seen something. I
don't know. Maybe he just
he told me.
Yeah.
You represent, as you've said, you
represent the customer. You rep, you
know, the customer. You are the
customer.
I am. Yeah.
And for him, it was like the stars had
aligned and there could there wasn't
another human being on earth that was
more perfect for the brand than you. And
it's funny to hear from your perspective
because you felt the same way on the
other side. So,
yeah, it matched up quite nicely. I
think
it matched up perfectly. Um,
life, you know, life life is very
unpredictable and everything has a cost.
We've talked a lot about that today.
Even though the high points have a cost
and one of the costs of your um meteoric
rise and your success and your openness
is was um came out in the papers quite
recently when someone broke into your
home.
Yeah. one of the most unthinkable
traumatic things um from a psychological
perspective because that is your safe
place. It's your happy place. It's
your
Well, especially the home that we were
living in. Um it was I spoke about it in
a YouTube briefly really briefly because
again I'm always too scared to say too
much but it that home for me was I've
had a lot of homes and it nothing quite
was like that place for me. It was just
this it wasn't a huge apartment. And it
was just a normal apartment um in a
really nice area. And ironically, I I
just always felt so safe there. Every
time I went in and I locked the the the
front door and I run myself a bath, it
was like my switch off zone. It was like
where I felt um like I could just be
that 22-year-old normal girl with a few
thousand followers on Instagram. Like I
like I just it was my haven. So I think
out of what happened with the burglary,
I think that's been the hardest thing
because that was snatched away from us.
It wasn't there wasn't the materialistic
things that were taken. It wasn't all
the possessions that were gone. It
wasn't the you know them violating our
space and it was ransacked. It wasn't
any of that. It was the fact that I knew
the second we found out we were in a
meeting in London and we got the call
and I and I knew the minute I found out
that we were going to have to leave and
I just it was that was the most
heartbreaking thing for me because to be
forced out of your home that you love so
much and that you weren't ready to leave
anytime soon. It was like it was
heartbreaking. It was awful.
Says a lot about what home is. It's not
really a place. I guess it's a set of
emotions, right?
100%. And once once those emotions are
tampered with and once they're spoiled,
it's gone. Like it's not it's just it's
just bricks and mortars, then it's not
it isn't it's not a special place
anymore. And I think yeah, out of
everything that happened, that's been
what I've been finding hard to deal with
cuz we um when I drive past it and
stuff, it's it's heartbreaking. It's
like, God, that's how quickly can things
change? like things can change in such a
like few hours everything had changed
like I was in a meeting about something
really exciting in London next thing you
know your house has been ransacked
everything's been taken you need to come
home right away and I just didn't know
what to expect I just expected the worst
and it was a good job that I did because
it it was bad everything
gone
how did Tommy react
well [sighs]
it was it's tricky because I'll be
honest Tommy he's different with how he
spends his money. He He doesn't really
buy things. He's a bit of um the way
he's been raised, he's he's quite shrewd
with his he's just he's we're very
different. And um he reacted differently
to me. I was um much more like um trying
to sort everything out, you know,
insurance and making sure we're we're
okay. And Tom is just like sort of it'll
be fine, it'll be fine. He's very
laidback. It's very hard to explain how
he is. We're like polar opposites, but
that's why we work. But yeah, I mean it
was just different.
And is this you've talked about how this
has changed your desire and willingness
to be as open.
Yeah.
Which I find I found to be quite
sad to be honest.
Yeah. I had no choice. And I mentioned
that like on my social media. I said
like I don't want to change the way I
live. I don't want to change the way I
talk to you guys. That's what I love
doing. I love sharing everything. But if
it's going to compromise my safety, I
can't do I can't. It's not fair. Like,
it's really hard. And I'm now trying to
work on this new balance of sharing, but
not oversharing to so that I um make me
and Tommy not safe anymore. And it's
it's finding this new way of living and
having close protection, security now.
And and moving and making sure not even
my nail tech so much as comes to my
house because I I can't have anybody
knowing where I live now. It's like even
Deliveroo. No, can't. It's not possible.
like it's just not safe because it takes
one wrong person to know where you live
and and I think I've it you know what I
I will say that it is not a positive
thing what happened but maybe it needed
to happen in order to make me learn how
I need to be now I can't just be that
normal girl that is blas and post
everything on her socials it's not I
need to I need to do better to protect
myself and Tommy unfortunately it's sad
but it's just the way it's got to be now
and everything's got to change
that is sad isn't it It is sad. It is.
But I think people understand. They I
see a lot of tweets now being like cuz
I've posted I mean literally a smidg of
where we live now. Like I mean like a
cushion and everyone's like saying I'm
so glad we're not going to get a house
tour. And I'd absolutely love to give a
house tour because this house is
incredible and I want to I don't want to
show it off but I want to show my
followers and be like this is where
we're living now. This is the new
kitchen. This is the new bedroom. You
know like I that's me. I'm an
oversharer. But now I'm I'm taking
videos and I'm like, "God, is that too
much? Am I showing too much there?" Like
the newspaper's going to find out from
right move which house that is, you
know, I'm I'm thinking that way now. And
it's sad at 22 years old that you have
to think that way, but it's the pros and
cons with this this new life that I'm
living.
Do you feel safe in your new home?
Yeah,
you do.
Yeah, we we're really lucky in that, as
I said, it's taught us how we need to be
now. And I actually have clothes
protection security now, and I'm trying
to get used to that. It's 24 247 and I'm
I don't know how long I or if forever or
whatever, but I'm it's just mad like
that having to put these precautions in
place now. Um I don't really wear my
jewelry anymore, what I have left of it.
I'm I'm not wearing it because I just it
made me realize that it just doesn't
really matter. People are just so cruel
and and and they are jealous that these
things it's better off just to I don't
know. I I just think it changed things
for me. It took that superficialness
away. It just made me realize actually
these things aren't important. Your
health and your happiness and your
safety. Safety is key. I'm spending a
fortune now on security. But really,
there's no price on feeling safe
at all because I'd rather spend money on
security than spend it on a handbag
cuz what makes you feel better now? The
security of course cuz I can go down the
street and know I'm safe.
I don't know. It's it's changed a lot.
Are there things that you miss from your
old life?
old life as in
as in you know before the before all the
paparazzi in the Caribbean or wherever
it was and
No, I wouldn't say so. You know, I I I
love my life now. I'm I literally I
pinch myself every day that this is the
life I live and yeah, like things like
the burglary happened and it's [__] and
it's scary and I have bad days, but I'm
so blessed to live this life. Like I I
pinch myself every day that I wake up
and I I I never want to go back to my
old life. That terrifies me because
obviously as I told you at the start
that ordinary life that I was living
before I never wanted that. I want what
I had now and know what I'm working on
achieving. So
if you were to to to leave your house
and just walk through a mall or down the
street now,
what's that experience like?
It's different. It's I I never really
talk about that cuz it sounds big when
you're like you do get stopped, but it's
it's mental and it's crazy and like it
will never feel real. Especially when I
go out with Tommy. Obviously he's tall.
everyone spots Tommy
and he has um a really different
audience to me. So it's like when
walking through like a shopping center,
his audience is in there and my audience
is in there. So it's like a huge amount
of people and obviously our combined
following when we go out it's heading on
10 million
people. That's a lot of people. So
it's a lot of people that know who you
are and want to grab pictures and it's
amazing. It is amazing. And I one thing
I'll always say is that I never ever
ever in my whole career ever said no to
a picture because I just I like it. It's
fun. It's nice that people like want to
take a picture of you like what an honor
like that someone wants to take a
picture of me. Like that will never feel
real.
But is then I went out with um my mate
Liam Payne from One Direction and
obviously I've experienced
I met him before you know. Yeah. On a
plane. We were flying back from um Vegas
together at the same time. He was so
lovely to me and Tommy and like has
always stayed in contact with Tommy
since and messages him and says, "Hope
you're well, brother." And I really
didn't expect that.
Yeah, he's a he's sweet. He's a really
sweet guy under the you know when I say
there I mean just underneath all of the
like the fame and the public image and
the boy band stuff. He's this really
sweet soul it's called. my I went out
with him a couple of times in Manchester
for the we did a couple of parties
together for the Euros just getting our
close friends together and um sit in a
restaurant in the Ivy in Manchester one
person find you know clocks that it's
pain
comes over can we have a photo he's like
sure another and then they go back to
their table and tell their table then
there's another person and then the
dinner is actually a meet and greet
[laughter]
and I'm looking at this thinking cuz
like I'm like no I'm not famous at all
but like I've got like Dragons Dennis
dropping in January and things like that
so I'm thinking I don't want that in my
[__] life. Like that is too much for
me.
And how do you find how do you find
those moments where you can enjoy
yourself in public without it becoming a
Molly May meet and greet?
Or do you just choose to go to other
places?
I just choose not to go out. I'll be
honest. And I think sometimes it has to
take Fran to say to me going to Trapper
Center on a Saturday afternoon in
Manchester is not a smart idea as much
as I would like to. Um even like the
Christmas markets just opened in
Manchester. We were going to go the
other night but we were like no it's a
bad idea. Like it sounds like you're
being beheaded when you say it, but you
just I mean someone come out with me and
say like it's not it's not like a normal
experience. You have to take security.
You have to it's not like a just quick
nipping out. It's a lot. Sounds like
you've got a baby. It sounds like you're
trying to get a baby ready. You're not
just nipping out. It's a lot to think
about.
Quick one. As many of you know, I've
been trying to make my life a little bit
more sustainable as it relates to
energy. Ever since I sold my Range Rover
Sport and bought an electric bicycle and
My Energy as a sponsor of this podcast,
one of the brands that make that
transition much, much easier. They are
at the forefront of British renewable
eosmart technology and their products
are really, really changing the game. If
you're on YouTube, you can see what I'm
holding in my hand. This is called the
Eddi, right? It's the UK's number one
solar power diverter. So, what is a
solar diverter? It's a device for people
like you and me. That means you can
divert your excess energy back into your
home rather than back into the grid,
which will save you power and money.
It's super userfriendly and easy to
install, and you can control it using
the My Energy app on your phone. To find
out more about this product and more
products like it that will help you make
that sustainable transition, head over
to myenergy.com. And um I highly
recommend you check out the Eddie. It's
um it's a real game changer, a product,
and one that I'm going to be installing
in my home soon. What's it like being a
a woman in business, right? Because
there's there's you know, especially
when you're a woman that's come from
um you know, built this big Instagram
following and it's been on a TV show,
there's so much like stigma,
stereotyping, and assumptions being
made, right? But even outside of your
your role as creative director of PLT,
you are a businesswoman at your very at
the core of it. You're dealing with
multiple brands across multiple deals
and you've got your own companies. What
is it like being a woman in business at
22?
It's
it's it's hard. I mean, it's confusing
and it's hard. It's amazing obviously,
but as I said, like I am learning. So,
it's um a little bit scary at times. You
do feel a little bit like overwhelmed
and when you're in meetings and you're
you you don't want to look like you
don't know what's going on. You don't
want to look vulnerable. You just have
to sort of come across as as this woman
that you you you do have all your [__]
you all have your ducks in a row. You
know what's going on. And um by sort of
like pretending that I do, I feel like
I've sort of
become that I I've I've sort of like
embodied someone that does know what's
going on because I've had to
learn it so quickly and sort of
sometimes pretend that I've now embodied
that person that I when I'm in a
meeting, I can hold my own and I can sit
there and say, "Yeah, I know what's
going on. I want to do this, this, and
that."
Hasn't come overnight.
Um as I said, I am so young and it's
such a quick turnaround. Like two years
ago I was in Man I was in Manchester and
living by myself going to the gym taking
a few pictures going to work my mom was
on a weekend like and now I'm in these
huge meetings with huge people about
really important subjects and it's like
God it's it's it's hard sometimes but I
like it. It's interesting. It's
different. Every day in my life is so
different and it's a bit of a challenge
each day. It's like even today like this
this this podcast I felt honored that
you even asked me to do it because it's
like I'd listened to the people that you
done them with and I and you sort of
sometimes think God like
I'm not the same as them but then you
sort of realize oh maybe I am you know
like the likes of Patricia Bright and
Jacqueline Gold like you look up to
people like that and then suddenly
you're being asked to do the same things
as them and it's like how's that
happened like it it I don't know if
it'll ever feel real things like that.
Patricia Bryce especially is someone
I've always looked up to. And I actually
filmed I've been working with Patricia a
few times now and that was really huge
for me because she was like my woman.
She was like my goals. Yeah. She was the
woman on YouTube and and I aspired to
just be just like her. She's just
everything I wanted to be. She was so
successful, so business-minded, but also
so relatable and so hilarious. And I
loved everything that she was about. And
then she asked me to do a video with her
after love and I was like, "Oh, no. This
is just not happening." And then you try
and act cool and you try and act like
this is just the normal, but it it's
not. It's not. And it's sometimes okay
to sit there and be like, "Oh god, I
cannot believe this is happening." Like
even today, like when Fran was talking
to me about doing this with you, and
it's just like these things just I don't
know, they don't ever really feel real.
What do your parents think about your
life? They must be looking at and
thinking, "What the?"
Yeah. [laughter]
I think, yeah, I think it is crazy like
when they see me doing my Pretty Little
Thing adverts on TV, like how does that
ever feel normal? And they're just
they're just really really proud.
They're just my my parents are divorced
now. Um, so it's dealing with my dad and
dealing with my mom is like two separate
completely different things, but they're
both so they're both so proud of me and
it's just I don't think anyone could
really have expected this. Do do you
sometimes see them or feel them trying
to work out what they did to cause you
to be like trying to connect the dots
back to like what the like in hindsight
what did we do like what what did you
feed her like
yeah I don't know but I I don't think
that I think obviously you're a product
of your environment and and how you grow
up and how you're raised is a huge part
of who you become. But at the same time
I wouldn't like no disrespect to my
parents they're incredible but I don't
think anything they've done made me do
what I've done now if that makes sense.
Everything [clears throat] I've done in
the last two years is down to me and
down to Fran. It's it's us two together.
Like we've done this and like my parents
Yeah. They raised me and they made me
into a a polite and nice person, but
they they're not respond. Do you do you
get what I'm saying? Like they're not I
don't know how you feel about that, but
you probably don't feel like your
parents are the reason that you've been
so successful. Or maybe you do. I don't
know.
Well, it's funny because with parents
like we I have I'm I'm the youngest of
four. Oh, are you?
And we're all completely different. So
it would be pretty dumb to say that
there was a ton of intention that went
in from my parents. They were thinking
we'll raise one entrepreneur, one
lawyer, you know, it's just they they do
their best
and it's like rolling the dice, right?
And you, as you've said from your
family, your sisters in the army,
you're, you know, this mega star um
businesswoman and a creator. So you
never really know what's going to
happen. And you know, it will be the
same someday when I have kids. And when
you have kids, I'm sure it's kind of a
rolling of the dice.
Yeah. Luck draw. Speaking of kids,
speaking of relationships, Tommy.
Yeah.
Um, one of the things I, you know, when
people leave Love Island, you you kind
of look at it and you think, "Oh, these
are just gimmick relationships, right?
We think that they're in it for the
money. They're not going to last for 5
days and then the minute they leave Love
Island, the relationship's over
after they've done all like the deals
and stuff together and everyone's like,
"Yeah, we understand." [laughter] Yeah.
With you and Tommy again, you've been an
anomaly.
Yeah.
because you're still together um years
and years and years years after the show
and from everything I've read you have a
really solid relationship. Tell me about
that and I guess you didn't expect that,
right?
Yeah. I mean I think as I mentioned
briefly before because I went on the
show so not expecting to find love and I
just went on for a bit of a we'll just
see what happens. Potentially come out
with a million followers. We'll see. I
came out the only person having fallen
in love. Me and Tommy were the only
couple that year that are still
together. um and that were really
together in the show. Every other couple
broke up a couple of weeks after. We
were the only people that actually found
each other properly and it's been like
nearly three years now. And it's just
been a whirlwind. And I think what's
been so incredible is that both our
lives have changed together at the same
time and we've grown together and
experienced it all with one another. And
I think having him to lean on through
all these, you know, ups and definitely
lows he's been there for me has been so
amazing because it would have been
lonely doing it alone. I think like, you
know, after me and Fran have spoken all
day and then going back to that
apartment alone when you're living in
this new world and navigating all these
new things that it would have been a bit
sad to not experience it with someone.
So, we're really blessed to have had
each other through this whole thing. And
is it is it at times quite a longdist
relationship because if he's away
fighting in or training in the US Yeah.
or you know he's with Tyson doing some
training which I saw recently.
Is it is it a bit of a longdistance
relationship at times and how do you
manage that?
We don't see each other for weeks on end
at the moment like weeks on end. Um and
we've become really good at the long
distance thing. I don't know like I
think we're just one thing that I find
so key in our relationship and it's the
most important thing I think in any
relationship is trust. we have that
complete and utter trust in one another.
And I think in a relationship, that is
literally all you need to survive. If
you've got that trust, everything else
just falls into place because he could
literally go away for weeks on end. And
there's not a doubt in my mind that if
he was to be around a load of girls, it
it I I could sleep peacefully at night
knowing that he's just he's for me and
I'm for him and that's that. When you've
got that, I just think I don't know why
I'm giving a relationship advice here,
but [laughter] I do think like that is
the key.
That is literally the key. You got
trust, you've got everything.
And relationships require work, right?
We had a guest on the other day and he
said something which I actually spun my
head a little bit. He said, you know, um
in a relationship there is the
relationship in there is love. You only
have to work on one of them,
which means like, you know what I mean?
The relationship is like a a job in the
sense that you've got to like invest in
it, nurture it, commit to it. Whereas
the love is going to be there and you
can you can see it because some people
have loads of love and a crap
relationship, right?
Yeah, that's true. So what what work do
you do with Tommy on the relationship to
make sure that you are yeah like working
on it actively to protect
I never pictured it like that I guess we
you do work in a relationship it is like
a bit of a full-time job that never ends
um it just comes naturally I think when
you're with the right person it does
just all fall into place and I don't
know with it's it's weird with him like
we know that we're going to be together
forever and we we we're just so excited
for what the future holds for us all we
ever talk about is kids and like
marriage and I'm so excited like I'm
doing all these amazing things but I
always have that to look forward to and
we I don't see our relationship as a job
like your other person said I I
[clears throat] don't I just see it as a
part of my life and it's just there and
I'm so blessed that it it just works so
well. We never have any problems. We're
really lucky. Obviously we're not
perfect. I'm not going to sit here and
say we don't argue like cat and dog. We
definitely do. He drives me crazy and I
do feel like I'm a bit of his manager
sometimes. The way Fran is for me I am
for him. It's like passed down. Um Fran
does it for me. I do it for him. He just
looks after himself. [laughter]
Um, but yeah, I don't know. I feel like
it we've just got something good going
on. It really works.
As we look ahead then at your future,
you're very ambitious. You're always
asking that question, what's next?
What's next? What's next?
You've made that, you know, that mood
board, that planning session with Fran
recently, you know, in the previous
couple of months as to what the next big
goals are. What are those big goals and
ambitions?
Well,
specifically, I wouldn't I I always try
and keep things under wraps a little bit
because I
I've spoken to Fran. She said, "You can
tell me everything." [laughter]
Not sure if that's true. Um well, in all
aspects of my life, I'm working on
different things. Um pretty little
thing. And me, we're it's a as I said
24/7. It's a constant thing. And we're
working on um London Fashion Week is
next and that I'm not going to say too
much cuz I do really want to keep it
main secret, but it's going to be huge.
like the biggest thing maybe PRT has
maybe ever done. Um, so that's going to
be huge. We're working on that. Then
obviously I've got Filtered by Molly May
which is my own fake tan business which
is growing rapidly. And when I spoke
about in this podcast a lot about
learning the business side of things,
that's what I'm relating it to is my
business. when I go into these meetings
with these people, you know, like um
wholesalers that want to take on the the
product and sell it on their websites
and I'm it's it's just interesting to
learn and I'm just looking forward to
learning more like and I'm and as I
said, I'm not shy to sit here and say
that I've got so much more to learn. I
I'm not like the likes of Jacqueline
Gold and the Patricia Bes that sit here
and they've got a few years on me and
they've learned all this stuff and they
they do come across like these strong
powerful business women and I'm I aspire
to be like that and I'm heading there. M
and I'd love to revisit this in a few
years when I'm [clears throat] there and
um can use all those big words like net
gross profit [laughter] all that [__]
that I don't know how to use.
It's really interesting with you because
I actually think you have you've clearly
demonstrated the thing that will get you
there which is that humility of like
admitting that there's a lot of things
you don't know
and I think of when speaking as someone
that was once a very young entrepreneur
as well at 22 years old I didn't know
anything about anything because you
you're right no one tells you business
stuff and net gross profit margins and
stuff
that makes me feel better. No, but but
but the most important like key
component I think in entrepreneurs is
being like there are so many things I
don't know and I'm not going to pretend
I don't because as you said and one of
the things that really actually inspired
me when you said it was listen if I
don't know something I just ask it
that's the for me the mindset of someone
who's going to in the future know a lot
of [__] like you know what I mean so
yeah
so tell me more about the future then
what else has got going on you got your
your brand the the tan business you've
got loads of stuff happening with your
creative director ro at PLT Yeah. Well,
obviously my socials, I'm I'm growing
25,000 a day on average. Um it's not
stopping and it it's it's strange to me.
Like I
when I came out of the show, I never
anticipated
the growth just it just doesn't stop
like and I could even disappear for a
few weeks and it doesn't stop and I
don't know why. I think it's just people
they do find me so relatable and and I'm
just I'm excited to see with like what
happens as I grow like where is it going
to stop you know and I every every
million I hit I'm I'm like well I want
next million now so now I'm working
towards [clears throat] 7 million even
though when I said I hit 6 million that
would be enough I was like 6 million wow
that would be amazing and now I'm like 7
million's next that will be enough and
then it won't be then I'll be working
towards 10
um but focus not become a problem when
you know now because of how big your
platform is, you could pretty much go
after any goal or ambition you have with
your manager Fran.
Yeah.
So, how like you there there is a know a
risk of spreading yourself too thin,
right?
I guess so. But there is a still there
are there are still goals that are a
little bit like for everybody there's
things that are a little bit out of
reach and I like reaching for those
things because it's, you know, you know,
working with like really really high-end
fashion brands, you know, we've not
tapped into that yet because
Oh, here we go.
Well, we don't know yet. But it's just
interesting to think about the different
types of of brands I can work with. You
know, I'm working more on like the high
street budget right now. And then, you
know, in years to come, who's to say,
well, that's going to, you know, you
just don't know. And I think with my
following growing so rapidly, where is
it going to end up? We just don't know.
But that's what's so exciting about it.
Like, it's just every day is a new is a
new chapter. I know it sounds so cringy,
but it is. Every day is so different.
Well, yeah. My next my my main goal has
been my main goal for the last two
years. I'm just desperate to own a
house. I still don't own a house yet.
But it's not because I can't or I don't
want to. It's because I've not found the
right house yet. And um I'm so
particular and picky with what house I
want. Um it's come it's come close a few
times to like I've got my mortgage and
principal and it's been all really
exciting and then it's no, but I yeah,
that's my next goal is is getting on the
property ladder and maybe building a
house. We don't know. It's there's loads
of exciting things with that and I'm
still still trying to learn again
mortgages and all that interesting
stuff. It's um stamp duty. What the hell
is that
and why on earth does that exist? May I
ask? Cuz it's a lot of money. [laughter]
Um but yeah, there's loads of things
that you don't realize
cuz I I I looked at this house and and I
really really liked it and was like,
"Yeah, you know the stamp duty on that
is going to be x00,000." I was like,
"What?" Then then I had a builder come
around and look at all the work that I
want to do into it. He was like, "Yeah,
so that's going to be about 900,000 just
for the work you want doing." And I was
like,
"This is just stupid." I was like, "That
like how?" But this is the thing, like
I'm in a really financially um blessed
situation. So, how is any normal
22-year-old on a normal income ever
going to get on the property ladder? I
don't understand that. That's
fascinating to me. How's anybody ever
going to get on the property ladder with
the way it's going?
It's wild, isn't it?
So, this is the di This is the actual
diary of a CEO.
Oh, wow. Wow.
This is the famous diary where it all
began. And every guest that comes on the
podcast um when they leave they write a
question for um the guest that's coming
up.
Oh
right. So you actually won't know who's
written this question for you and I
and I guess it wouldn't be like it
wasn't going to be someone Patrice Sra.
It wouldn't be that would it because
we've had a couple since then.
They probably come out in
Yeah. Exactly. So we've had you know
Jimmy Carr came out. We've had some some
very big um guests recently. And you'll
also be writing a question this but for
our next guest.
Okay.
So the question in the diary of a co for
you this week from our previous guest
was if you had to give all of your money
to one organization tomorrow morning
what organization would it be and why?
I mean there's so many charities like
and there's so many things that come to
mind. It's almost like I can't even
think of one. But one thing I didn't
speak about in this podcast is that I am
a massive um I always give money to
homeless people. Always. I cannot keep
cash in my wallet because I will
literally just dish them out like fun
coupons to I can't I just I have to when
I see anybody on the street, I give my
money away instantly [clears throat] cuz
I cannot fathom how anybody can end up
in that situation of of not having a
home. It literally breaks my heart.
So, I'd probably I'd probably just find
someone on the street and give it all to
them.
Wow.
Yeah, I honestly would. Or or give it to
a homeless organization or or something
like that because it is a hard question,
but
yeah,
that's something that I feel really
passionate about. And as I said, I just
I have to stop putting cash in my wallet
because I just
Yeah. Yeah.
The minute I get out of the cash point,
it's gone [clears throat] to someone on
the street, which I like doing. I I
enjoy doing that. It's
I don't know. It's a really hard
question. Like
it is. I like I I would say Well, cuz
you're right, right? So it's it has it's
a really considered thing.
My question is going to be like what you
have for your dinner tomorrow.
No. Yeah. I [laughter]
see.
No, it's Oh, yeah. I would I would I
would probably do the same as what you
did there, which is like what causes
what what hurts my heart and what what
problem would I like to solve if I was
like either vanishing off the earth
tomorrow or just having to donate
everything? And yeah, I would people
that don't have stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
So, I'd probably sell all my assets and
give it to I don't know one of these
organizations that helps people that
don't have stuff like which is pretty
much what you said there. So, makes a
lot of sense. If you if you could speak
to Molly May um from Hitchin
now
based on everything you've been through
and everything you've learned, what what
kind of things would you tell her about
Warner about advisor on looking back?
That's a good question. I think I
without repeating myself with what I've
said before in the past, I I do wish I
could tell her to slow down a little bit
with rushing things. And even now, it's
something that I'm trying to work on.
22. I don't want to get to 25 and and
not have anything to look forward to
when I'm 30 cuz I've done everything
already. You know, have the best car I
can drive and have the best house. I
want to slow things down and I and I
want to work on enjoying where I'm at
because it's not healthy to always
always want more because you've got to
be grateful for where you're at and the
things you've achieved. Um, but Fran's a
really good person for that cuz she
grounds me. Like it's a really
superficial example, but I'll use it
anyway. I passed my driving test a few
months ago and the only car I wanted was
a Gwagon. I was like, I'm getting a G
Wagon. I was like, no, you're not. I was
like, why not? She's like, yeah, you can
get a G Wagon, but what have you got
forward to look what have you got got to
look forward to when you hit 25? like
she was like get something a little bit
you know underneath that and then you
can look forward to it when it comes and
I was like no no but then I thought
actually you're right I don't need to
just always go for the biggest thing
like work towards these things have
things to look forward to because I'm
only 22 like I'm so young and I've got
so much to work on and look forward to
and I don't want to rush things and I
would tell my younger self down slow
down on the filler slow down on moving
to Manchester maybe when you couldn't
afford it slow down on worrying about
trying to get Instagram followers and
it's just everything will come, you
know, in it when it's meant to.
And do you think you are you feel like
you going back to one of the questions I
spoke about earlier, do you feel like
you are enough now? Like you've achieved
enough and you've done enough and to be
to be happy, you know, do you feel like
you're enough?
Oh, it's a really really good question.
I honestly I'm going to say no because
then it just contradicts everything I've
said in this podcast if I say yes. And
but but no, I would say no because
if Fran or someone told me today that
this was the last day of me working and
I'll go back to Manchester now and I sit
in my house and have babies and get
married and I won't work another day,
I'd cry myself to sleep and I would not
be happy because I'm nowhere, as I said,
I'm nowhere near done. This is just the
start. So no, like I'm not I am enough.
Me I am enough, but the work I've done
isn't enough yet. I've got so much more
to do.
Will it ever be?
I don't know. Maybe not. Maybe when we
if we ever revisit this and I've got
more followers and more money and a
better house or whatever, I'll still be
saying it's not enough. I probably will
be. But maybe I need that. Maybe that's
like the recipe to making me the way I
am and making me different to the other
Love Islanders and the other
influencers. Maybe it is because I'm
hungry and I always want more. So maybe
I don't need to get rid of that. Maybe
I'll just stick with that mindset
[laughter] because it works clearly. I
completely agree and it's been
incredibly inspiring and insightful
talking to you because you know you're
inc I I still can't believe you're 22
years old because
you know at 22 years old I wasn't I
wasn't in the rooms that you're in now
and I wasn't in engaged in the
conversations I hadn't built businesses
and you know the role as at PLT as
creative director I know how demanding
that that will be and
um how particular and cautious Umar
would have been in picking you he
wouldn't have done it as a token thing
no And I've I've actually spoken to the
team at PLT. I've actually worked with
them for about seven years.
Yeah.
With through my business and um they say
that you are heavily heavily involved
during the office and you are helping to
build and shape what that brand is.
Yeah.
It's remarkable that you can do all of
that and run all of your other
businesses and uh you know keep up with
your personal life as well all at the
age of 22. There's a real mature wise
head on your shoulders and it's really
fascinating to watch how that's going to
play out for you over the coming years.
And I you're a force right? So, I can't
think of anything getting in your way.
Um, thank you so much. Thank you for
your honesty. Thank you. You're doing a
real service to the world and being
yourself. And I know how I don't to be
honest, I don't know because I have
people hold me to a they don't hold me
to the same standard as they hold you.
But you're doing a real service I think
to a younger generation by being a
relatable role model. One that is
incredibly real, honest, open, and um
yeah, an all round nice person.
Thank you. Thanks for having this
conversation with me today cuz yeah,
I've been I've watched your career and
your rise with total fascination and uh
I would bet on you for the future. So
you're a formidable businesswoman and
person.
Thank you so much. Thank you for having
me.
Very [clears throat] grateful to be on
the podcast.
Quick one. Can you do me a favor if
you're listening to this and hit the
subscribe button, the follow button,
wherever you're listening to this
podcast. Me and my team use that as an
indication of whether the episode is
good or not based on how many new
followers and subscribers we get. Thank
you so much.
[singing]